# Basic Idea

- Most Financial Advisors will tell you to invest in an index fund because they will promise a variety of stocks, greater diversification and lower risk. Leaving you further isolated from events that impact a single company. That sounds rather boring yet insanely practical. The inverse of this of course is to use leverage which can be applied by buying investment vechicles like options. However, thats rather exciting and insanely risky since only 20% of options actually land in the money and net to 0 if they never hit their strike price. So what if I told you we could take the leverage component of options and marry that with an index so we can enter and exit as we please and never have to worry about our asset class expiring and valueless. Meet [sqqq](https://www.proshares.com/our-etfs/leveraged-and-inverse/sqqq) & [tqqq](https://www.proshares.com/our-etfs/leveraged-and-inverse/tqqq) which are leveraged ProShares ETF's that seek a return that is 3x the return of its underlying benchmark (nasdaq) for a single day, as measured from one NAV calculation to the next. I choose the nasdaq because it has the highest propensity of speculative stocks...meaning stocks with high price to earnings. Meaning high levels of correlation to macro economic variables such as metrics like interest rates, unemployment rates and even subjective quantitative measures such as greed and fear indexes. Armed with this sophisticated yet simplistic strategy we can leverage some of the latest research on time series analysis and build a reinforcement learning algorithum using [Q-Learning](https://towardsdatascience.com/simple-reinforcement-learning-q-learning-fcddc4b6fe56) to tell us what side of the bet we should be on from a binary classifier lens(Bull or Bear). The beauty of this strategy is we either want a model that is incredibly correct or incredibly wrong. I know what you're thinking. What is he talking about. What I mean is if I build a model that when back tested is only accurate at knowing when to buy 20% of the time. I can literally take the inverse of that trade and tell the bot to short the market which wouold yeild a `100 - 20 = 80%`. As I said sophisticated yet simplistic. As the model currently stands it assumes that you buy at market open and you close your postion at the end of the day. There are too many exogenous varibles to account for with after market and over night trading which is why the bot closes its position everyday and then reasses what to do on market open.
